content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable
  matter.
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Communication
    institution: University of Pennsylvania
    year: 2022 
  - course: MA in Communication
    institution: University of Pennsylvania
    year: 2018
  - course: BA in Communication
    institution: Universidad de San Andres
    year: 2013
email: ""
highlight_name: false
#interests:
#- Artificial Intelligence
#- Computational Linguistics
#- Information Retrieval
organizations:
- name: University of Pennsylvania
  url: https://www.upenn.edu/
role: Ph.D. in Communication
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: /#contact
- display:
    header: true
  icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  label: Follow me on Twitter
  link: https://twitter.com/wagnercelest
- icon: graduation-cap
  icon_pack: fas
  link: https://scholar.google.co.ar/citations?user=fUa24iAAAAAJ&hl=es&inst=15561263346091999511&oi=ao
- icon: orcid
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://orcid.org/0000-0002-8559-8202
- icon: university
  icon_pack: fa
  link: https://www.jou.ufl.edu/staff/maria-celeste-wagner/
superuser: true
title: María Celeste Wagner
---

I am an Assistant Professor in the Department of Journalism at the [College of Journalism and Communications](https://www.jou.ufl.edu) at the [University of Florida](https://www.ufl.edu). I hold a Ph.D. in Communication from the [Annenberg School for Communication](https://www.asc.upenn.edu/) at the University of Pennsylvania. I received my Licenciatura (BA) in Communication from [Universidad de San Andrés](https://udesa.edu.ar/) in Argentina, my home country, and an MA in Communication at the University of Pennsylvania. 

From a mixed methods and comparative approach, I study media reception and influence around political and social issues, particularly those related to intersecting gender inequalities in the Americas. To understand these processes, I primarily draw from surveys, experiments, and qualitative interviewing methods. Fieldwork for my research has been conducted in Argentina and the United States.

My dissertation analyzed some of the social consequences of the way the media talk about gender-based violence in Argentina and the United States today. Through online survey experiments, I analyzed how diverse audiences in both countries respond to news about workplace harassment when harm is done to women from different ethno-racial and class backgrounds. Second, I interviewed survey respondents to explore possible causal mechanisms that might explain the quantitative findings. Third, I conducted interviews with feminist activists and advocates in anti-gender-based violence organizations in both countries to understand expert views on contemporary issues of communication, gender, and social change.

Some of my recent publications have explored the emotional experiences, interpretations, and practices of consuming news and perceived misinformation during times of political polarization in the U.S. ([Journalism](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1464884919878545), [Digital Journalism](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/21670811.2019.1653208)); the role of the perceived gender of journalists on the promotion of ideas around the severity of sexual harassment ([Cuadernos.info](https://scielo.conicyt.cl/scielo.php?pid=S0719-367X2019000100043&script=sci_arttext)); and the experiences of watching television entertainment in Argentina and the United States, with a focus on transcultural issues of gender and ethnicity, as well as other differences based on regional inequalities ([International Journal of Communication](https://ijoc.org/index.php/ijoc/article/view/14191)). With E. Mitchelstein, P. J. Boczkowski, and F. Suenzo, we are currently working on a book, titled The Patina of Distrust: Misinformation in a Context of Generalized Skepticism, under contract with The MIT Press. 

In both Argentina and the United States, I have taught introduction to communication, history of the media, social scientific methods, and critical approaches to popular culture. In 2015, I received a Teaching Award at Universidad de San Andrés, given to the best Teaching Assistant at the university.

Among other appointments, I am a member of the organizing committee of the [“Media & Communication in Global Latinidades” Pre-Conference at ICA](https://latinxlatammedia.com/); a research affiliate at the [Center for Media and Society in Argentina](https://udesa.edu.ar/meso-en/team), and a Working Group coordinator at the [Latin American Interdisciplinary Gender Network](https://clais.macmillan.yale.edu/networks/laign). 





{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} View my {{< staticref "uploads/cv.pdf" "newtab" >}}CV{{< /staticref >}}.

Commit message:

saque lo de dissertation de la bio

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable
  matter.
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Communication
    institution: University of Pennsylvania
    year: 2022 
  - course: MA in Communication
    institution: University of Pennsylvania
    year: 2018
  - course: BA in Communication
    institution: Universidad de San Andres
    year: 2013
email: ""
highlight_name: false
#interests:
#- Artificial Intelligence
#- Computational Linguistics
#- Information Retrieval
organizations:
- name: University of Pennsylvania
  url: https://www.upenn.edu/
role: Ph.D. in Communication
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: /#contact
- display:
    header: true
  icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  label: Follow me on Twitter
  link: https://twitter.com/wagnercelest
- icon: graduation-cap
  icon_pack: fas
  link: https://scholar.google.co.ar/citations?user=fUa24iAAAAAJ&hl=es&inst=15561263346091999511&oi=ao
- icon: orcid
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://orcid.org/0000-0002-8559-8202
- icon: university
  icon_pack: fa
  link: https://www.jou.ufl.edu/staff/maria-celeste-wagner/
superuser: true
title: María Celeste Wagner
---

I am an Assistant Professor in the Department of Journalism at the [College of Journalism and Communications](https://www.jou.ufl.edu) at the [University of Florida](https://www.ufl.edu). I hold a Ph.D. in Communication from the [Annenberg School for Communication](https://www.asc.upenn.edu/) at the University of Pennsylvania. I received my Licenciatura (BA) in Communication from [Universidad de San Andrés](https://udesa.edu.ar/) in Argentina, my home country, and an MA in Communication at the University of Pennsylvania. 

From a mixed methods and comparative approach, I study media reception and influence around political and social issues, particularly those related to intersecting gender inequalities in the Americas. To understand these processes, I primarily draw from surveys, experiments, and qualitative interviewing methods. Fieldwork for my research has been conducted in Argentina and the United States. 

Some of my recent publications have explored the emotional experiences, interpretations, and practices of consuming news and perceived misinformation during times of political polarization in the U.S. ([Journalism](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1464884919878545), [Digital Journalism](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/21670811.2019.1653208)); the role of the perceived gender of journalists on the promotion of ideas around the severity of sexual harassment ([Cuadernos.info](https://scielo.conicyt.cl/scielo.php?pid=S0719-367X2019000100043&script=sci_arttext)); and the experiences of watching television entertainment in Argentina and the United States, with a focus on transcultural issues of identity, as well as other differences based on regional inequalities ([International Journal of Communication](https://ijoc.org/index.php/ijoc/article/view/14191)). 

With [E. Mitchelstein](https://udesa.edu.ar/profesores/eugenia-mitchelstein), [P. J. Boczkowski](https://communication.northwestern.edu/faculty/pablo-boczkowski/), and [F. Suenzo](https://facundosuenzo.com), we are currently working on a book based on interviews, surveys and experiments during the Argentine 2019 elections, titled The Patina of Distrust: Misinformation in a Context of Generalized Skepticism, under contract with The MIT Press. Other ongoing projects study the role of survivor/victim's ethno-racial and class backgrounds on news audiences responses in Argentina and the U.S.; anti-gender-based violence advocates' interpretations of news media practices in the representation of violence in Argentina and the U.S.; the role of audience's partisanship and gender in their assessment of sexual harassment scandals involving politicians in the U.S. (with [Jin Woo Kim] (https://jinwookimqssdotcom.wordpress.com)), among others. 

In both Argentina and the United States, I have taught introduction to communication, history of the media, social scientific methods, and critical approaches to popular culture. In 2015, I received a Teaching Award at Universidad de San Andrés, given to the best Teaching Assistant at the university.

Among other appointments, I am a member of the organizing committee of the [“Media & Communication in Global Latinidades” Pre-Conference at ICA](https://latinxlatammedia.com/); a research affiliate at the [Center for Media and Society in Argentina](https://udesa.edu.ar/meso-en/team), and a Working Group coordinator at the [Latin American Interdisciplinary Gender Network](https://clais.macmillan.yale.edu/networks/laign). 





{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} View my {{< staticref "uploads/cv.pdf" "newtab" >}}CV{{< /staticref >}}.
